Python sdk api v3 for new run prompt events (#862)
latitude-dev/latitude-llm: examples/sdks/python/README.md

# Python SDK examples

Theses examples are written in Python and use the Latitude SDK for Python.

## Development

Requires uv `0.5.10` or higher.

- Install dependencies: `uv venv && uv sync --all-extras --all-groups`
- Add [dev] dependencies: `uv add [--dev] <package>`

> ## TROUBLESHOOTING REFRSHING latitude-sdk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TROUBLESHOOTING REFRESHING latitude-sdk
```

> We use local version of the SDK. "uv" do a cache that needs to be refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use a local version of the SDK, but "uv" ends up caching the package and it needs to be refreshed.
```
